[Music]
so what do you know about Steve Jobs
the legendary co-founder of Apple who
created one of the greatest gadgets of
our time turns out he was a man of
mystery and in the most literal sense of
the word just think about it he had been
driving a car around Silicon Valley
without a license plate for years on end
that meant breaking the law which
required all passenger vehicles to have
tags well some believe that he did it
just because he could call it a
rebellious spirit if you want or maybe
he wanted to protect his privacy by any
means possible some even came up with
the theory that it was the font on the
plate that he didn't like after all he
was a perfectionist in every way so
maybe he really thought an ugly plate
would ruin his beautiful car
whatever the cost he managed to bend the
rules over and over again
no wonder a bunch of theories about it
emerged according to one of them he had
some kind of arrangement with the local
police who granted him special rights to
drive without a number on his Benz
another said he just paid the $250
ticket every time an officer stopped him
some even said that it was all because
of his fans who stole his plates every
time he put them on as it turned out the
real explanation was far sneakier than
that a few years back California laws
allowed people to drive with no plates
for six months after buying a new car so
jobs just made the most of this loophole
first he got a car used it for half a
year and when the grace period was over
he replaced it with a new one the
interesting thing is that all this time
he stayed true to one brand and model
the Mercedes SL 55 AMG he even stuck to
the same color only purchasing silver
ones
I guess the leasing company was pretty
happy to have such a regular customer
now don't try to pull off a trick like
that on your own dub since January 2019
car owners in California have to install
temporary plates right away just like in
the other states but driving anonymously
wasn't the only strange quirk jobs had
he also had some weird eating habits
he was often on a diet with only one or
two specific types of food allowed for
instance he would eat nothing but apples
for weeks one time he ate so many
carrots his skin turned a little bit
orange sometimes he could go without any
food for a couple of days what's more he
believed that fruit diets and fasting
somehow made his body cleaner he also
didn't think he ever got body odor so he
didn't see the need to shower every day
or use deodorant but legend has it that
back in the 70s when jobs still worked
at Atari his smell horrified his
colleagues so much he ended up doing
night shifts what can I say Steve Jobs
did think differently just like in an
old Apple motto and that applies to
other successful and wealthy people to
embark on pride who created IKEA
had billions of dollars in his account
but still he lived just like any other
person he had an old cheap Volvo but
preferred to travel by bus he did his
shopping at flea markets and always
wrote on both sides of a sheet of paper
but he had some extremes too though he
could afford absolutely anything he
skimmed salt and pepper packets from
cafes and only had his hair cut when he
traveled apparently in Sweden it's too
expensive speaking of cheap how about
taking baths without using any water
Benjamin Franklin one of the founding
fathers of the
loved air baths every morning before
work he'd open the windows in his house
to let the chill in and that's how he'd
spend about an hour
stark-naked he called it a tonic bath
and believed it improved his health old
then actually lived to be 84 so maybe he
had a point Bill Gates has an unusual
method of focusing on his ideas to help
him think he sits down in a rocking
chair and quietly swings back and forth
that's how Microsoft's co-founder comes
up with a solution
every time he finds himself in a
difficult situation he's kept this
tradition since he was in college and
has been so effective that his work
partners have picked it up over time
and speaking of license plates gates
also use them in a pretty unconventional
manner in his early years as a boss at
Microsoft
he used to learn the numbers of all his
employees plates and not just to train
his memory that's how we checked when
they arrived at the office or left for
home inventor Thomas Edison was also
incredibly picky about his employees but
in another way to work for him a person
needed to pass the salt test during an
interview Edison gave the candidate a
bowl of soup if they added salt without
tasting at first he didn't hire them he
wanted his assistants to try out the
facts before making assumptions sounds
weird but logical at the same time if he
asked me seems like rich people have all
the means to make their work as
comfortable and effective as possible
right author Jonathan Franzen manages
perfectly without luxury hotel rooms or
super expensive supplies all he needs to
concentrate on writing is a blindfold
and earplugs at least that's how he
penned one of his best books the
corrections sounds like a good way to
beat procrastination too Howard Hughes
was probably the most eccentric
billionaire the world has ever seen he
was a pilot an inventor and a filmmaker
but his oddities are just as famous as
his achievements he was terrified of
germs so much he couldn't even touch his
silverware without wrapping it in
tissues for
he was also a real recluse once he spent
over four months watching films drinking
milk and eating chocolate bars sound
like fun wait for it he didn't leave the
room the whole time he hadn't had a bath
and had to urinate in bottles well then
not unlike Hughes brilliant scientist
Nikola Tesla detested bacteria he wore
gloves at almost all times and didn't
shake hands with anyone and of course he
made sure all his drinks and food were
thoroughly boiled at least this had a
logical explanation he claimed that this
fear came after he put his glass of
water under the microscope and saw some
horrible creatures he was also so
obsessed with making time for his
experiments that he only got two hours
of sleep per day instead of zoning out
for the whole night he took short naps
during the daytime business magnate
Warren Buffett also has a pretty
time-consuming habit he reads 500 pages
every day just think about it he devotes
about 80% of his time to reading and
reflecting on it
he claims that's a sure way to boost
your knowledge and it's not just
something he does for fun since the
expertise he gained through reading help
him make more informed decisions during
his career and if you think he has so
much time for books and reports since
he's already a billionaire and in his
80s that's not exactly true when he
started out as an investor he read up to
1,000 pages per day if that's not
impressive I don't know it is everyone
has their own approach to
self-improvement and motivation Stephen
King revealed that he can't start
writing without a slice of cheesecake
who would have thought that the master
of horror has in fact a sweet tooth it
seems like it runs in the family since
his son who happens to be a writer too
nibbles on creme brulee before sitting
down to work so do you have a fun habit
yourself something you do regularly to
cheer up and get in the right mood share
it down in the comments as for
industrialist Henry Ford his favorite
snack was road
side greens he was one of the richest
people in history but he didn't spend
his fortune on lavish feast and heavy
food like his wealthy contemporaries he
thought of the human body as a machine
that needed the right fuel to work
properly and for him that was simple
weeds he sometimes plucked himself he
ate them fresh stewed and boiled and
when he had guests he served them
soybean sandwiches and burdock a hundred
years have passed since then but I'm
sure a menu like this would shock most
people even today bottom line all these
people think different then act on it
and to a certain degree they've all
changed the world hey if you learn
something new today then give this video
a like and share it with a friend but
don't go anywhere just yet we have over
2,000 cool videos for you to check out
just click on this left or right video
and enjoy remember stay on the bright
side of life